since tiff and keegan became kifkin
they face many challenges i don't know
what we're going to do
we've got nowhere to live since when did
we stop talking to each other
but through it all their young love has
remained strong
keegan and tiff none of us really
thought that they would take the plunge
and get married so yeah a lot of us
us included we didn't have a clue yeah
but um but yeah
this is the youngest marriage
ever i've ever experienced but yeah so
it was definitely unexpected but it was
a cool storyline to play
yeah we scotland
how could they be like a border or
something nice like one big country
sure we didn't go to scotland
i feel cheated spoilers yeah it was uh
as everything is yes i feel like every
enormous scene
in eastenders i think we win watford for
that
yeah keegan
put the ring on tiffany's finger and
repeat after me
for whatever reason i could not do this
i couldn't find the fingers
i've never been married before so i
didn't realize how hard it was to
actually put the ring i kept missing the
face every time
he just started jabbing my hand and as a
symbol of our marriage today
and as a symbol of
as a symbol of our marriage today
you have both now entered a solemn and
binding contract
and by virtue of these declarations made
in my presence
and in the presence of your witness i
pronounce you husband and wife
[Laughter]
[Applause]
it does make you smile though
it was sweet it was sweet and it was
nice to just do something nice
rather than drama painting
because eastenders you never know what a
wedding's gonna be like it's 50 50
chance it's gonna you're actually going
to get married
i remember getting so many phone calls
from like my granddad he was like you've
made me cry
because it was just like the sweetest
episode
what's next for tiff she's very much
into her beauty
she's doing a college course on like
hair and beauty and stuff
and i think we are quite happy oh yeah
there's some happiness going on yeah so
despite that with um
i think we're going for a little
honeymoon stage at the minute maisie
thank you so much for your time you know
i love watching you on the screen i
think tiff is such
a fantastic character um and good luck
with
your story going forward thank you i'll
be watching you tit talking
god i sound so i sound so
[Music]